SmbShare PowerShell reference update (#2588)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/smbshare/Get-SmbGlobalMapping.md

---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: SmbGlobalMapping.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: SmbShare
ms.date: 08/31/2021
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/smbshare/get-smbglobalmapping?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-SmbGlobalMapping
---

# Get-SmbGlobalMapping

## SYNOPSIS

> Retrieves the properties of an SMB global mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the properties of a Server Message Block (SMB) global mapping.
```

## SYNTAX

```
Get-SmbGlobalMapping [[-LocalPath] <String[]>] [[-RemotePath] <String[]>] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
 [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Get-SmbGlobalMapping** cmdlet retrieves a Server Message Block (SMB) global mapping on the SMB client to an SMB share. Global mappings allow all users to use the same mapping. It primary use is for Windows Containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Get-SmbGlobalMapping** cmdlet retrieves an SMB global mapping on the SMB client to an SMB share. Global mappings allow all users to use the same mapping. Its primary use is for Windows Containers.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1 - Retrieve SMB client directory global mappings

This command retrieves the SMB client directory global mappings created for the SMB server. 

```powershell

> Get-SmbGlobalMapping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PS C:\> Get-SmbGlobalMapping
```

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession
Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer. Enter a computer name or a session object, such as the output of a `New-CimSession` or `Get-CimSession` cmdlet. The default is the current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Session

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LocalPath
Specifies the local path to which the remote path is mapped.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RemotePath
Specifies the remote path that is accessed from this computer.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit

> Specifies the maximum number of concurrent operations that can be established to run the cmdlet. If this parameter is omitted or a value of 0 is entered, then Windows PowerShell® calculates an optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the computer. The throttle limit applies only to the current cmdlet, not to the session or to the computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum number of concurrent operations that can be established to run the cmdlet. If this parameter is omitted or a value of 0 is entered, then Windows PowerShell calculates an optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the computer. The throttle limit applies only to the current cmdlet, not to the session or to the computer.
```

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, -`OutVariable`, -`OutBuffer`, -`PipelineVariable`, -`Verbose`, -`WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, -`OutVariable`, -`OutBuffer`, -`PipelineVariable`, -`Verbose`, -`WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
